h1. Authentication package for Ringojs

This package contains various implementations of authentication mechanisms to use with Ringojs,
especially webapps.



h2. Author

Maksim Lin <maksim.lin@ngv.vic.gov.au>

h2. Status

Currently have implementations for:

* Basic authentication using settings stored in your webapps config.js
* Active Directory using the builtin LDAP support in the JDK


h1. Usage

h2. Configuration

h3. Basic

In your config.js, you need to set the following properties:
eg.
exports.basicauth = {
    admin: "fbb1af34e20c79b2088675bdb88230b4007009fd",
    user1: "3d8e0e8dd1371f4e58724819ba6a2f2b11d6d3e1"
};


h3. Active Directory

In your config.js, you need to set the following properties:
eg.

exports.ADConfig = {
                'ADUrl': 'ldap://your.server.com:389/',
                'ADSearchBase': 'ou=users,ou=office,dc=something,dc=myco',
                'ADBrowserUsername': 'CN=Sample LDAP Browser,OU=Test,OU=Accounts,OU=OFFICE,DC=foo,DC=com',
                'ADBrowserPassword': 'secret'
};

h2. In your app

To connect:
@var {authenticate} = require('ngv/basic-auth');@
or
@var {authenticate} = require('ngv/ad-auth');@

then:
@var loginResult = authenticate(username, password);@




h1. License

ngv-authentication is distributed under the BSD license.

Copyright (c) 2010, National Gallery of Victoria
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of the National Gallery of Victoria nor the names of its 
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this 
software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.




